it was going on I'm Eric Harlan here
with Zildjian I just played a portion of
my song Northstar actually the third
part of the song which is kind of like
the happy ending of the song you know
love conquers all and you know
everybody's coming home
it's celebratory who doesn't gaze up at
the North Star just you know get
inspiration from that so it's kind of
like this nice African rhythm that I was
introduced to a while back and I thought
it'd be nice to kind of have that as a
counter to another sound that was
actually playing in three and I decided
to give that sound to the piano so that
I could have a little bit of fun
the most complex part about the song
it's the counter line at the base is
actually planned because the piano is
playing in threes is that one two three
one two one two
when the baseline comes in it's not
playing the fool like boom boo-boom
boo-boom boo-boom boo-boom boo-boom boy
well you can hear all the rhythms it's
only playing like the first accent of
each one is like boom boom boom boom
boom boom boom it's kind of a challenge
to mentally block out that the piano is
playing in three and to only reference
the bass part for me that was the most
difficult part when I was actually
writing a song where writing was
actually easier than actually playing
but hopefully you have